// splish sploshes
splash utwater
{
	smallclass utwatersplish
	smallclip 4
	smallsound ut/playerfootstepwet

	baseclass utwatersplash
	sound ut/wetsplash
}

splash utslime
{
	smallclass utslimesplish
	smallclip 4
	smallsound ut/playerfootstepslime

	baseclass utslimesplash
	sound ut/slimesplash}

splash utnukage
{
	smallclass utnukagesplish
	smallclip 4
	smallsound ut/playerfootstepslime

	baseclass utnukagesplash
	sound ut/slimesplash
}

splash utlava
{
	smallclass utlavasplish
	smallclip 4
	smallsound ut/playerfootsteplava

	baseclass utlavasplash
	sound ut/lavasplash
}

splash utnitro
{
	smallclass utnitrosplish
	smallclip 4
	smallsound ut/playerfootstepnitro

	baseclass utnitrosplash
	sound ut/nitrosplash
}

splash utblood
{
	smallclass utbloodsplish
	smallclip 4
	smallsound ut/playerfootstepwet

	baseclass utbloodsplash
	sound ut/wetsplash
}

terrain utwater
{
	splash utwater
	footclip 6
	liquid
}

terrain utslime
{
	splash utslime
	footclip 6
	liquid
}

terrain utnukage
{
	splash utnukage
	footclip 6
	liquid
}

terrain utlava
{
	splash utlava
	footclip 6
	liquid
}

terrain utnitro
{
	splash utnitro
	footclip 6
	liquid
}

terrain utblood
{
	splash utblood
	footclip 6
	liquid
}

ifdoom
floor BLOOD1 UTBlood
floor BLOOD2 UTBlood
floor BLOOD3 UTBlood
floor FWATER1 UTWater
floor FWATER2 UTWater
floor FWATER3 UTWater
floor FWATER4 UTWater
floor LAVA1 UTLava
floor LAVA2 UTLava
floor LAVA3 UTLava
floor LAVA4 UTLava
floor NUKAGE1 UTNukage
floor NUKAGE2 UTNukage
floor NUKAGE3 UTNukage
floor SLIME01 UTSlime
floor SLIME02 UTSlime
floor SLIME03 UTSlime
floor SLIME04 UTSlime
floor SLIME05 UTSlime
floor SLIME06 UTSlime
floor SLIME07 UTSlime
floor SLIME08 UTSlime
endif

ifheretic
floor FLTWAWA1 UTWater
floor FLTFLWW1 UTWater
floor FLTLAVA1 UTLava
floor FLATHUH1 UTLava
floor FLTSLUD1 UTSlime
endif

ifhexen
floor X_005 UTWater
floor X_001 UTLava
floor X_009 UTSlime
endif

ifstrife
floor F_WATR03 UTWater
floor F_WATR02 UTWater
floor F_WATR01 UTWater
floor F_VWATR3 UTWater
floor F_VWATR2 UTWater
floor P_VWATR1 UTWater
floor F_HWATR3 UTWater
floor F_HWATR2 UTWater
floor F_HWATR1 UTWater
floor F_PWATR3 UTWater
floor F_PWATR2 UTWater
floor F_PWATR1 UTWater
endif
